Release notes and Changelog for 2.0 (#4282)
sunpy/sunpy: RELEASE.rst

The SunPy project is happy to announce the release of SunPy 2.0!
SunPy is an open-source Python library for Solar Physics data analysis and visualization.

> This release is our second long(er) term support release, that we will be supporting with bug fixes until 3.0 in roughly a years time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release is our second long(er) term support release, that we will be supporting with bug fixes until 3.0 in roughly a year's time.
```

> With this release the 1.0 and 1.1 releases will no longer recieve bug fixes and we encourage everyone to upgrade to 2.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this release, the 1.0 and 1.1 releases will no longer recieve bug fixes and we encourage everyone to upgrade to 2.0.
```

The major highlights of this release are:

* `~sunpy.net.Fido` now supports tab completion of search attributes.
  This allows you to do ``a.Instrument.AIA``, and print ``a.Instrument`` to see the list of known supported instruments.

> * `~sunpy.instr.aia.aiaprep` has been deprecated in favour of the functionality in the `aiapy <https://aiapy.readthedocs.io/>`__ package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `~sunpy.instr.aia.aiaprep` has been deprecated in favor of the functionality in the `aiapy <https://aiapy.readthedocs.io/>`__ package.
```

> * Various fixes and clarifications to pixel indexing in the map subpackage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Various fixes and clarifications to pixel indexing in the `sunpy.map` subpackage.
```

> * Standidisation of specifying rectangles in coordinate space in the ``submap`` and ``draw_rectangle`` methods of ``GenericMap``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Standardization of specifying rectangles in coordinate space in the :meth:`~sunpy.map.GenericMap.submap` and :meth:`~sunpy.map.GenericMap.draw_rectangle` methods of `~sunpy.map.GenericMap`.
```

> * A HTML quicklook preview of ``GenericMap`` and ``MapSequence`` which can be accessed with the new ``quicklook()`` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* HTML quicklook previews of `~sunpy.map.GenericMap` and `~sunpy.map.MapSequence` instances are available with the new :meth:`~sunpy.map.GenericMap.quicklook` and :meth:`~sunpy.map.MapSequence.quicklook` methods, respectively.
```

>   This is also the default display in Jupyter notebooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This is also the default display in `Jupyter <https://jupyter.org/>`__ notebooks.
```

> * Integration of differential rotation into the sunpy coordinate framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Integration of differential rotation into the `sunpy.coordinates` framework.
```

>   This enables, amongst other things, the warping of images with the ``reproject`` package and the plotting of rotated grid lines with ``WCSAxes``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This enables, amongst other things, the warping of images with the `reproject <https://reproject.readthedocs.io/>`__ package and the plotting of rotated grid lines with :ref:`WCSAxes <astropy:wcsaxes>`.
```

> See `What's New in SunPy 2.0 <https://docs.sunpy.org/en/stable/whatsnew/2.0.html>`__ for more details and the `Full Changelog <https://docs.sunpy.org/en/stable/whatsnew/changelog.html>`__ for the full list of over 100 changes in 1.1.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See `What's New in SunPy 2.0 <https://docs.sunpy.org/en/stable/whatsnew/2.0.html>`__ for more details and the `Full Changelog <https://docs.sunpy.org/en/stable/whatsnew/changelog.html>`__ for the full list of over 100 changes in 2.0
```

> This release of SunPy contains 1044 commits in 290 merged pull requests closing 144 issues from 33 people, 16 of which are first time contributors to SunPy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release of SunPy contains 1044 commits in 290 merged pull requests closing 144 issues from 33 people, 16 of which are first-time contributors to SunPy.
```
